We just returned from a stay at the Crowne Plaza.

It was a great hotel in a very convenient location just a couple blocks from the McPherson metro station in Washington DC.

Staff was great.

I would stay there again next time I am in the DC area.

All staff was great right down to a housekeeper who had the forethought to push the elevator button as she went by because she saw us coming.

Very nice hotel but the standard king bed room was kind of small.

They had several elevators but we're very small.

I'm a Federal business traveler and it's great to find a small hotel that fits the allowable lodging cost, is a block away from Metro and a 10 block walk from my headquarters office.

I know it's not their fault, but the tour groups were a pain and some of the younger ones were really loud.

All in all, it's in a great location, outstanding staff and they treat the IHG Rewards members quite well.

I'd recommend it and will probably be back if I have another trip to Washington.

A pretty well-appointed gym, with quite a few machines and good weights.

i like to review places, not in comparison with other places that may have a larger budget or a different vibe, but in comparison to what they COULD be.

from the time we pulled up to the door upon our arrival, to our departure the next day, we were treated as though we were very highly regarded and regular guests.

elevators were just across the fairly small, but very nicely appointed lobby.

you do have to insert your room key to go up, but that only added to my sense of security.

RESTAURANT AMBIENCE: conveniently, the hotel has a restaurant.

and i understand that to get the full effect of rap (and other kinds of music, too), you gots to pump up the volume.

but what's an older crowd supposed to do (there were 4 of us for dinner)?

people...it was cold.

this i actually found inexcusable and trifling on his part.

the wine list was skimpy, with about 6-8 labels available as glasses for red and the same for white.

you can also buy sparkling wine or champagne by the glass.

We were upgraded to the executive level through my Priority Club platinum status which gave us a very comfortable spacious room.

Lots of night life sounds come in through the night and we were on the sixth floor.

This hotel was maybe a good one but this is no more the case.

I went downstairs, a bit frightened that I would be given a key to an occupied room!

It took 45 minutes to get our drinks, another 30 minutes to get our salads, and so on.

Back to hotel..this is a quaint bouquet style hotel that puts customers first and more importantly the focus on details is what sets this hotel apart from the &quot;box hotels&quot;.

Granted, we spent most of our time outside the room during the day, but we shouldn't have to feel like we have to run the heat all the time at night!

On one visit they had small water bottles for guests to take, on another visit they were out of them.

