The service here was great, the gym was nice clean.

Fruit was available.

Pillows were a little too soft but everything else was great (minor!).

IF you want a massage there is no spa you need to be referred to the Fairmont across the street.

Location was not downtown but in a neighbourhood area (Georgetown)-if you are looking for pizazz/night life/umph, its in more of the core near Chinatown.

I was a guest at this location the morning of a half marathon.

On the street I saw nothing opened that made coffee.

Enrique Valdes from security came to my rescue with the coffee that I needed for my race.

I was recently a guest at the hotel for a long weekend to attend a family wedding.

All the events went off without a hitch.

The staff of Amadou, Deenny and Mohammed were wonderful each more when they greeted me and helped me get a cab to the office.

He is always proactive in asking if I need a cab, umbrella, etc without me asking for it which is nice.

Just one of several reasons why I keep coming back here.

The valet staff were outstanding, so friendly and helpful they added a really personal touch to our stay.

We had asked for connected or adjacent rooms and upon check in the staff was surprised with that request.

We were accommodated with rooms in the same corridor after some time.

The bathroom was extremely large with a full tub apart from the shower.

The only minor complaint was that the room was a bit small for two guest - but still a normal sized room for a DC hotel.

The Metro stop is about three blocks away which can take you most anywhere.

When i left that night the doorman was nice about hailing me a taxi to my destination.

Also nicer staff then the front desk.

The location of this hotel is very good, though it should be noted that its not in Georgetown but in Foggy Bottom.

There is no option to turn on individual lights (e.g., only in the toilet room or only around the sink etc) or to dim the general switch.

The hotel purports to be energy efficient, but I dont see how turning out an entire cacophony of lights each time you want to take a leak is energy efficient.

Lana Kim contacted me before our trip and with her help we were able to plan our weekend to get the most out of downtown and Georgetown.

I stay at this Westin every time I am in DC on business, first because it is within walking distance of our DC office, and second because the staff make this hotel welcoming and comfortable.

