All of the staff that we had contact with were very friendly and helpful - and professional.

Great location - we walked to the White House and saw the Cherry Blossom Festival.very good decoration, good breakfast and dinner and very comfortable bar.Absolutely recommended!

From our very first contact at check in, till the valet parking at departure, all of the staff that we had contact with were very professional and very service oriented!

It has a great location - we walked to Georgetown and the Cherry Blossom Festival - lots within easy walking distance.

Very tastefully decorated.

Nice little touches.

Actually stayed in January of 2013, just before the inauguration.

A spotless hotel with classic stylings, Hotel Lombardy punches well above its star rating.

Where other places may retain their stars on technical points, the Lombardy only loses them on same.

From memory, I booked myself a standard king-size room.

It boasted a little kitchenette and small round kitchen table, pseudo walk-in closet and gleaming bathroom, the latter being of vital importance to my neurotic peace of mind.

Can't recommend Hotel Lombardy enough, so I won't.

Besides, as my DC go-to hotel, I don't want it booked out.

Its an older hotel that has been updated so its modern, clean, warm and cozy with big comfortable rooms.

Not 5 star fancy but definitely a great 4 star hotel.

Our room was spacious and tastefully decorated, blending the classic with the contemporary.

Great food with nice touches - almond french toast, crisp fruit salad, etc.

The location of this hotel worked really well for us.

Clean and up to date for a historic hotel.

We were supposed to stay 3 nights, arriving by train from Connecticut.

However in our all-too-brief stay we found the hotel staff enormously friendly and helpful, the room was massive, I'm sure I didn't book a suite but we could have held a party for 50!

we had a room with view on some office building which made it a little dark during day time but also made it very quiet.

The room furniture seems older and more typical of a bed and breakfast type place but is very well maintained and adds to the charm.

Be sure to give yourself time to enjoy the luxury of this hotel.

The service, environment and restaurant/room-service food was exceptional.

A colleague recommended this hotel and I have NEVER been disappointed.

It's a great location with caring and friendly staff.

The bed made up for a lot of other shortcommings.

We never had to wait too long for the elevator, which they even let my son operate!

There were tons of restaurants in the area and it was near the subway, which was quite easy to navigate.

I was concerned by some of the reviews on this site, but there was no reason for that.

The rooms are very clean, the beds comfortable and AC works - and we were there in very hot, humid weather!!!

One of the bell hops went up 2 times to get the elevator guy and the bell hop ended up going up and bringing the elevator down himself.

(not true)&quot; Again, why he did not call up and ask is beyond me.

Besides the dresser and table/desk, there is a sitting room and kitchenette and the king size bed was THE most comfortable I have ever slept in!

Good size TV for when you come back at night and collapse.

It's small, well located , and comfortable

Nathan, who tends bar in the cozy lounge, is a terrific mixologist, a fountain of information about where to eat, and a skilled people-person.

The hotel offers free wifi and an ample gym in the basement.

The hotel was quiet and we didnt hear other guests in their rooms or the hallway.

Each time it was ready when we were.

We also met with the events staff this time around, and they're definitely up to par with the rest of the crew.

