The Fairfax is a grand old hotel just off Dupont Circle in Washington, DC.

Many years ago it housed one of the Kennedys' favorite French restaurants,the Jockey Club, and is now a member of the the Starwood Luxury Collection chain.

It is OK, but I have stayed in better 4 Point hotels.

The service was spotty.

Luckily I had an umbrella.

The room was large, and had adequate 120V and USB power stations - but the 120V was very hard to get plugs in and out, and it pulled a prong out of my own USB converter.

T The bathroom was small, and had inadequate space for my shaving kit and toiletries.

he spare roll of toilet paper was balanced on the top of the toilet tank, sharing space with the spare towels - there was no towel rack.

The bed was comfortable, the flat screen good, the wifi a little on the slow side.

The bar was pleasant - I took advantage of the the SPG Gold free drink because the NAS people who reserved the room for me paid for WIFI.

Great service by the staff , great room, clean and spacious.

I have stayed at this hotel regularly for business over several years and the standouts are location and service.

Rates here are usually very reasonable, especially for what you receive in return.

I loathe being let down, and The Fairfax has never let me down.

The hotel is on a busy street but we didn't have any problems at all with noise.

The hotel is in a great location just two blocks from DuPont Circle Metro station with lots of choice for food and bars close by.

The concierge helped in securing tickets for the tour which we were able to pay for at the hotel with a credit card.

Easy to walk to embassies, also.

to be honest, I left with a slightly bad taste in my mouth about it.

I mentioned this to the front desk staff and they just said &quot;yes, we often get that complaint&quot; but offered no compensation or apology.

Bell service was poor (i.e., non-existant) when I arrived mid-day.

Thanks to the fact that our son is spending a semester in D.C., on a recent trip we looked for a place near his residence hall.

